docs: add note for nested routes (#2828)
unoplatform/uno.extensions: doc/Learn/Navigation/Advanced/HowTo-UseNavigationView.md

  }
  ```

>   > [!NOTE]  
>   > To ensure selecting a `NavigationViewItem` only updates the content region (and doesn’t replace the entire page or the `NavigationView` itself), nest each NavigationView child route under the `Main` route.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  > [!NOTE]  
  > To ensure selecting a `NavigationViewItem` only updates the content region (and doesn’t replace the entire page or the `NavigationView` itself), nest each `NavigationViewItem` as a `RouteMap` under the `Main` `RouteMap`.

```

And maybe add an example, based on the existing `NavigationViewItem` (One, Two, Three) ?

>   > To ensure selecting a `NavigationViewItem` only updates the content region (and doesn’t replace the entire page or the `NavigationView` itself), nest each `NavigationViewItem` as a `RouteMap` under the `Main` `RouteMap`.

Reviewer 2: What if we don't add a route map at all for the nav items? Nav should be smart enough to catch this and do the proper navigation right? Or is it also breaking in that case?

Reviewer 3: @kazo0 always when I tryed to leave them out as you said, the console promted warnings for not defined routes.
